README.md, before:

# Mario Party Player Widget

This is a real simple HTML widget that you can add to your stream that shows
who is playing as what character. Supports unlimited amount of players.

## Widget Setup

1. Open `config.js` in Notepad or a similar text editor.
2. Make the various changes that you need to. Every setting is currently documented.
3. Save your file.

EX:

* To change the font size, modify the value of `fontSize` by changing the number.
* To change the game, modify the value of `game` to one of the appropriate options ("mp2", "mp3", "jamboree")
* Adding more players you can just copy the values of the sample in the file, if a character doesn't exist for a game, no character will appear next to the name.
* You can also modify players names by changing the data inline for an entry as well.

**NOTE**: If you have the browser already loaded and visible on the OBS screen, you will need to refresh the browser in OBS (click on the browser element and then press the `Reload` button that appears)

## OBS Setup

1. Add a browser source in OBS.
2. Set the width and height of the browser to 800 x 500 (you can change this later)
3. Click on the local file option
4. Browse to the `index.html` in this folder.
5. Click the `Shutdown Source When Not Visible` option in OBS.
6. Save the new browser source
7. Now you can resize and move around the browser widget as appropriate to wherever you want.

## Adding support for more games

1. Find a sprite sheet for the character profiles somewhere.
2. Create a folder with the game name, it should have no spaces.
3. Paste the individual cut up images of each sprite into this newly created folder.
4. Rename each sprite to the appropriate character name. They should be all lower case, and any spaces should switched to underscore (`_`) characters
4. Run `CreateStyleSheet.bat`
5. A `style.css` file should be created in every folder.

### License

Icons and images in this project may be owned by Nintendo, the license only covers the code that is in this repository.

Commit message:

Add horizontal bar, inline images

README.md, after:

# Mario Party Player Widget

This is a real simple HTML widget that you can add to your stream that shows
who is playing as what character. Supports unlimited amount of players.

## Widget Setup

1. Open `config.js` in Notepad or a similar text editor.
2. Make the various changes that you need to. Every setting is currently documented.
3. Save your file.

EX:

* To change the font size, modify the value of `fontSize` by changing the number.
* To change the game, modify the value of `game` to one of the appropriate options ("mp2", "mp3", "jamboree")
* Adding more players you can just copy the values of the sample in the file, if a character doesn't exist for a game, no character will appear next to the name.
* You can also modify players names by changing the data inline for an entry as well.

**NOTE**: If you have the browser already loaded and visible on the OBS screen, you will need to refresh the browser in OBS (click on the browser element and then press the `Reload` button that appears)

## OBS Setup

1. Add a browser source in OBS.
2. Set the width and height of the browser to 800 x 600 (you can change this later)
3. Click on the local file option
4. Browse to the `index.html` in this folder.
5. Click the `Shutdown Source When Not Visible` option in OBS.
6. Save the new browser source
7. Now you can resize and move around the browser widget as appropriate to wherever you want.

## Screenshots

### Vertical Widget

This is the default widget, and is seen in any instance where the vertical height is greater than 200px.

![Vertical Style Widget on an OBS preview](.github/vertical.jpg)

### Horizontal Widget

To achieve, set your browser width/height to 1200 x 200.

![Horizontal Style Widget on an OBS preview](.github/horizontal.jpg)

---

## Adding support for more games

1. Find a sprite sheet for the character profiles somewhere.
2. Create a folder with the game name, it should have no spaces.
3. Paste the individual cut up images of each sprite into this newly created folder.
4. Rename each sprite to the appropriate character name. They should be all lower case, and any spaces should switched to underscore (`_`) characters
5. Run `CreateStyleSheet.bat`
6. A `style.css` file should be created in every folder.

---

### License

Icons and images in this project may be owned by Nintendo, the license only covers the code that is in this repository.
